Figure & subfigure clearing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Fixed a bug in which ``Figure.clf()`` and ``Figure.clear()`` were broken 
when ``Figure`` contained axes not stored in `Figure._localaxes`.  Moved the
``clear`` and ``clf`` methods to ``FigureBase``, so ``Subfigure``s can now be
independently cleared. Added a routine to clear ``Figure.subfigs`` when 
``Figure.clear()`` is called. This effects the API as it removes active 
subfigure references when clearing a figure.     

This scenario occurred when ``Figure`` was instantiated with ``Subfigure``s.
The bug was thrown in a call to ``_localaxes.remove`` in ``FigureBase.delaxes``.
The children ``Subfigure``s do not register their axes in ``_localaxes``,
which lead to the ``_localaxes`` being empty during clear.  
This was fixed first by moving the ``.clear`` and ``.clf``
methods into ``FigureBase``, so that ``Subfigure`` would inherit these methods.
This allowed for ``Subfigure`` to clear its own axes, but because each child 
``Subfigure`` shares its ``_axstack`` with its parent ``Figure``, the ``clf``
function had to be modified: an extra call to ``_axstack.clear`` was removed.
This call had no effect on normal operation, as the stack is previously cleared
in ``clf`` by iterating over the ``_localaxes`` returned by ``FigureBase.axes``;
however, in the case of ``Subfigure.clear``, ``_axstack.clear`` cleared
the entire ``_axstack`` of the parent, thus wiping all axes independent of their
parent subfigure/figure. With these two changes (``clf/clear`` inheritance and 
removing the call to ``_axstack``), subfigures can now be cleared.  
However, the initial bug remained. To fix the bug in the clearing of the parent figure,
an additional loop was added to the beginning of ``clf``. This loop recurses through
child ``Subfigures``,clearing all children before returning to the original function.
As the child axes, which live in ``_axstack`` but not ``_localaxes``, are no longer in 
``Figure.axes``, the remainder of ``clf`` functions as before, clearing out
``Figure.axes`` without risk of calling ``delaxes`` on an axis that is not contained in
``_localaxes``. Finally, to make ``FigureBase.clf`` an exhaustive function that truely removes
all references to child objects, a line was added to clear ``Figure.subfigs`` of any
unlinked, cleared subfigures.
